Ideo
*   [IDEO](http://www.ideo.com)
*   [IDEO Org](http://www.ideo.org)

Mindsets
*   [Mindsets](http://www.designkit.org/mindsets)

Field Guide and Toolkit
*   [IDEO Field Guide to Human-Centered Design](http://www.designkit.org/resources/1) 
*   [IDEO Design Kit](http://www.designkit.org)
*   [IDEO Human Centered Design Toolkit](http://d1r3w4d5z5a88i.cloudfront.net/assets/toolkit/IDEO.org_HCD_ToolKit_English-5fef26ba5fa5761a3b021057d1d4a851.pdf) 

Methods
*   [IDEO Design Kit Methods](http://www.designkit.org/methods)

Frame Your Design Challenge
http://www.designkit.org/methods/60
Recruiting Tools
http://www.designkit.org/methods/22
Expert Interview
http://www.designkit.org/methods/43
Conversation Starters
http://www.designkit.org/methods/44
Interview
http://www.designkit.org/methods/2
Group Interview
http://www.designkit.org/methods/20
Card Sort
http://www.designkit.org/methods/24
Analogous Inspiration
http://www.designkit.org/methods/6
Collage
http://www.designkit.org/methods/25
Draw It
http://www.designkit.org/methods/49
Peers Observing Peers
http://www.designkit.org/methods/47
Creating a Project Plan
http://www.designkit.org/methods/9
Guided Tour
http://www.designkit.org/methods/46
Build a Team
http://www.designkit.org/methods/10
Define Your Audience
http://www.designkit.org/methods/11
Immersion
http://www.designkit.org/methods/23
Resource Flow
http://www.designkit.org/methods/61
Secondary Research
http://www.designkit.org/methods/21
Extremes and Mainstreams
http://www.designkit.org/methods/45
Download Your Learnings
http://www.designkit.org/methods/12
Bundle Ideas
http://www.designkit.org/methods/30
Create a Concept
http://www.designkit.org/methods/31
Brainstorm Rules
http://www.designkit.org/methods/28
Design Principles
http://www.designkit.org/methods/27
Create Frameworks
http://www.designkit.org/methods/14
Mash Ups
http://www.designkit.org/methods/29
Gut Check
http://www.designkit.org/methods/42
Share Inspiring Stories
http://www.designkit.org/methods/13
How We Might
http://www.designkit.org/methods/3
Co-Creation Session
http://www.designkit.org/methods/33
Determine What to Prototype
http://www.designkit.org/methods/34
Role Play
http://www.designkit.org/methods/36
Get Feedback
http://www.designkit.org/methods/57
Rapid Prototyping
http://www.designkit.org/methods/26
Storyboard
http://www.designkit.org/methods/35
Business Model Canvas
http://www.designkit.org/methods/41
Integrate Feedback and Iterate
http://www.designkit.org/methods/4
Get Visual
http://www.designkit.org/methods/53
Find Themes
http://www.designkit.org/methods/5
Explore Your Hunch
http://www.designkit.org/methods/32
Create Insight Statements
http://www.designkit.org/methods/62
Top Five
http://www.designkit.org/methods/15
Brainstorm
http://www.designkit.org/methods/1
Keep Iterating
http://www.designkit.org/methods/19
Live Prototyping
http://www.designkit.org/methods/18
Build Partnerships
http://www.designkit.org/methods/17
Pilot
http://www.designkit.org/methods/8
Roadmap
http://www.designkit.org/methods/7
Sustainable Revenue
http://www.designkit.org/methods/16
Ways to Grow Framework
http://www.designkit.org/methods/38
Define Success
http://www.designkit.org/methods/55
Measure and Evaluate
http://www.designkit.org/methods/40
Staff Your Project
http://www.designkit.org/methods/56
Capabilities Quicksheet
http://www.designkit.org/methods/39
Create a Pitch
http://www.designkit.org/methods/37
Keep Getting Feedback
http://www.designkit.org/methods/59
Funding Strategy
http://www.designkit.org/methods/54

http://www.designkit.org/human-centered-design

Design Kit: The Course for Human-Centered Design
https://novoed.com/design-kit-q3-2015/
http://plusacumen.org/courses/hcd-for-social-innovation/

http://plusacumen.org/courses/